Installation Instructions for Nautilus
--------------------------------------

To compile Nautilus, you'll need the RSAREF 2.0 library, available for
free for non-commercial use in the US and Canada from RSA Laboratories
(anonymous ftp to rsa.com for details).

I.  MSDOS Systems

    These instructions assume you have Microsoft C version 7.0 or
    later.  The makefile for Nautilus currently only works with
    Microsoft C, so if you have some other compiler, you're on
    your own.  If you do manage to get Nautilus to build with
    some other compiler, please send me the makefile that you
    used and I'll include it in future releases.

    1)  Unpack the source distribution into a build directory.
    2)  Unpack the RSAREF 2.0 library and install it in a directory
        named 'rsaref' in the main build directory.
    3)  Change to the rsaref\install\dos subdirectory.
    4)  Copy the makefile in this directory to the parent directory.
    5)  Change to the rsaref\install subdirectory.
    6)  Use the Microsoft C 'nmake' program to build rsaref.lib
    7)  Copy the rsaref.lib library to the main build directory.
    8)  Change to the lpc10 subdirectory.
    9)  Copy makefile.dos to makefile.
    10) Use the Microsoft C 'nmake' program to build lpc10.lib.
    11) Change to the main build directory.
    12) Copy makefile.dos to makefile.
    13) Use the Microsoft C 'nmake' program to build nautilus.exe.

    Alternatively, you can construct a project file for Nautilus
    and build it from within the project manager.  Just use the
    existing makefile to guide you in the process of setting this
    up.

II.  Unix Systems

    Nautilus currently runs on Sun workstations with audio hardware
    running SunOS 4.1.X and Solaris 2.X.  It also runs on IBM
    PC-compatibles running Linux.  To build Nautilus, you will need an
    ANSI C compiler like gcc.

    To build Nautilus under SunOS/Solaris/Linux, perform the following
    steps:

    1)  Unpack the source distribution into a build directory.
    2)  Unpack the RSAREF 2.0 library and install it in a directory
        named 'rsaref' in the main build directory.
    3)  Change to the rsaref/install/unix subdirectory.
    4)  Copy the makefile in this directory to the parent directory.
    5)  Change to the rsaref/install subdirectory.
    6)  Edit the makefile if necessary.
    7)  Type 'make rsaref.a' to build the rsaref library.
    8)  Change to the main build directory.
    9)  Link (or copy) makefile.unx to Makefile.
    10) Edit RSAREF in the Makefile to point to your RSAREF parent directory
    11) Type 'make'.  You will be presented with a list of platforms
	for which the makefile knows how to build Nautilus.  If you are
	building on a different platform, you will need to edit the
	Makefile to include support for your platform first (additional
	changes may also be necessary to the source code).
    12) Type 'make <platform>' where platform is one of the options
        listed when you typed make in step 3 above.  If all goes
        well, a nautilus executable (and optionally a 'nuke' and
        'unnuke' executable) will be produced.
    13) Type 'make install' to copy nautilus to /usr/local/bin and
        doc/nautilus.1 /usr/local/man/man1.
